[refactor] Make PyTorch the default and TensorFlow optional (#4517)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: docs/Unity-Inference-Engine.md

  [industry-standard open format](https://onnx.ai/about.html) produced by the
  [tf2onnx package](https://github.com/onnx/tensorflow-onnx).

Export to ONNX is used if using PyTorch (the default). To enable it

> while using TensorFlow, make sure `tf2onnx>=1.5.5` is installed in pip.
> tf2onnx does not currently support tensorflow 2.0.0 or later, or earlier than 1.12.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while using TensorFlow, make sure `tf2onnx>=1.6.1` is installed in pip.
```
We only support tf>=1.14.0, and new tf2onnx supports tf2. My bad for not keeping this updated.
